When you're overtightening on Facebook it's important to understand how Facebook will organize your
ads.
Facebook organizes your eyes into three levels campaigns and sets and ads and this structure makes it
easier for you to organize and optimize the performance of your ads.
So here's how the structure works.
To run an ad on Facebook the first thing you'll do is choose an objective.
For example you may want to run a campaign to get traffic to generate leads or to increase conversions
for each different objective that you have.
You will set up a separate campaign.
Once you've chosen your objective the next level is the odd set and it's in here that you will define
your audience your schedule where your ads will appear and how much you will pay at the ad level.
It's all about what people will see and it's here you will define your odd creative or what will appear
in your ad like the image you use the length that you get people to click on and the messaging within
the band.
The key benefit of this structure is not only that it breaks down the steps.
Creating a campaign but it lets you test which ads perform better.
For example if you run a campaign to get traffic to your website you could test the responsiveness of
different audiences at the onset level by creating a separate set.
And you could test the responsiveness to different types of Yvonne's by creating new ads at the ad level
using maybe different photos videos and messages and with the ads reporting tool you will be able to
see which audiences respond most and which ads perform the best so that you can really do more of what's
working and get more out of your advertising campaigns.
Now that you understand the Facebook structure and how it can help you optimize your campaigns the next
step for you is to create your first AD and ask for starting in the next lecture.